
Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
Meet
Hangouts
WooliesX
Inbox
Ronny Haughton

	Tue, Nov 24, 2020, 2:40 PM
Hi Masa, Thanks for taking the call. As discussed; WX are constrained somewhat by budget here. The most we’d be able to pay for this role is $675 per day (inc s
oonisim

	Wed, Nov 25, 2020, 8:44 PM
Hi Ronny, thanks for the information. I will look for other positions for the moment but appreciate the opportunity. Regards, Masa
Tasha Pylaeva

	Tue, Jan 5, 2:40 PM (12 days ago)
Hi Masa, Happy New Year! Hope you had a good break. I want to follow up with you to see if you are still looking for a new contract opportunity - are you? Wooli
oonisim

	Tue, Jan 5, 6:35 PM (12 days ago)
Hi Tasha, thanks for the follow up. I am passively looking for opportunities still but may not be taking on a job until Feb. Please let me know if it works for
Tasha Pylaeva

	Wed, Jan 6, 9:56 AM (11 days ago)
Hi Masa, Thanks for your response. The team would be open to waiting for you until Feb, I don't think it would be an issuie. Do you have a particular start date
oonisim

	Wed, Jan 6, 11:07 AM (11 days ago)
Hi Tasha, I do not have a particular date but need time to work on my personal project and not on another contract at the moment. I am currently in Sydney. Rega
Tasha Pylaeva

	Mon, Jan 11, 1:26 PM (6 days ago)
Hi Masa, Hope you had a good weekend. The team of WooliesX just came back to me with interest in your profile. They would like to move forward with your applica
Tasha Pylaeva

AttachmentsMon, Jan 11, 1:27 PM (6 days ago)

to me
Hi Masa,

Apologies, I forgot to attach the document to my previous email.

Thanks,
Tasha
Attachments area
oonisim

	Tue, Jan 12, 8:40 AM (5 days ago)
Hi Tasha, thanks for the update. I will work on today and send it by tomorrow. Regards, Masa
Tasha Pylaeva

	Tue, Jan 12, 8:43 AM (5 days ago)
Hi Masa, Thank you, sounds good. Good luck! Tash
oonisim

	AttachmentsTue, Jan 12, 6:42 PM (5 days ago)
Hi Tasha, please forward the attached zip file to the client and let them know it requires Python 3.8.x and NumPy 1.19.x. Regards, Masa
oonisim

	AttachmentsTue, Jan 12, 7:48 PM (5 days ago)
Hi Tasha, apology. Please use the attached one. The previous one prints debugging outputs hence not output expected. Regards, Masa
Tasha Pylaeva

	Wed, Jan 13, 10:17 AM (4 days ago)
Hi Masa, Thank you for this. I have passed it over to the team. I should be able to come back to you with feedback early next week. How is your project going so
oonisim

	Thu, Jan 14, 9:02 AM (3 days ago)
Hi Tasha, thanks for the update. My project is making progress ... slowly. Wish I had a better brain. It is implementing a kind of ML. Regards, Masa
oonisim <oonisim@gmail.com>

Attachments10:37 PM (12 minutes ago)

to Tasha, me
Hi Tasha, based on the feedback from you, I have reimplemented it with decomposition into classes and created unit testings. If still possible, please send the attached robot2.zip to your client.

The README in the zip explains the system requirements and how to run.

Regards,
Masa


FYI

I am implementing a deep neural network from its mathematics basics. Neural network is a combination of simple nodes such as a multiplication node.
image.png

But to get the simple formula took so much like below... so I am taking a few months to work on it. Hope it hints on my personal project.
image.png

image.png
Attachments area




Assignment
==========

Design and implement a solution for a Robot which can move on a board of size n x m.

Requirements
------------

1. Robot is always facing one of the following directions: NORTH, EAST,SOUTH or WEST.
2. Robot can turn left, right, and move one step at a time.
3. Robot cannot move off the board and ignores a command forcing it to do it.
4. Robot can report its current position on the board and direction.
5. A newly created robot must be placed into location x=0 y=0 and face NORTH.
6. The board is aligned with Cartesian coordinate system. Its bottom left corner has coordinate (0,0) and top right (n-1, m-1).

The solution will receive commands as a text file and outputs robot's reports into STDOUT. Below are the only commands that robot understands:

PLACE x y direction     -- places robot into specified location on a board and set initial direction
MOVE                    -- moves robot one step in the current direction
LEFT                    -- turns robot 90 degrees anticlockwise
RIGTH                   -- turns robot 90 degrees clockwise
REPORT                  -- outputs current state into STDOUT


For example, the following input file:
PLACE 0 0 NORTH
MOVE
REPORT
PLACE 0 0 NORTH
LEFT
REPORT
PLACE 1 2 EAST
MOVE
MOVE
LEFT
MOVE
REPORT

should produce an output similar to:
X: 0 Y: 1 Direction: NORTH
X: 0 Y: 0 Direction: WEST
X: 3 Y: 3 Direction: NORTH



Acceptance criteria
-------------------

1. Solution should correctly work for different command lists.
2. Quality of solution design and implementation should be of production grade and the following will be assessed:
    - Design and decomposition of the solution into packages, classes, functions, ...
    - Unit and/or integration tests
    - Solution readability and maintainability

